
***

# GOI Docs

## Navigation

This document will go over how to navigate this project.

### Key areas

[AdditionalInfo](/AdditionalInfo/) - This directory houses separate pages, containing information for every organization owned by @seanpm2001. It is divided into groups of 500, although 2 currently aren't documented, as they can't be found.

> [1](/AdditionalInfo/1/) - Houses organizations 1-500

> [2](/AdditionalInfo/2/) - Houses organizations 501-1000

> [3](/AdditionalInfo/3/) - Houses organizations 1001-1500

[CSV](/CSV/) - This directory houses a searchable CSV (Comma Separated Values) database of all organizations. As of 2022, Saturday, May 21st, it has fallen a bit out of date, but it still includes info on over 800 organizations

[Database](/Database/) - This directory is similar to [`/CSV/`](/CSV/) although plans for a more structured database are in the works. Either HiveQL or SQL will be used, I am currently unsure what to use.

[Follows](/Follows/) - Starting on 2022, March 21st, GitHub added the ability to follow organizations. For the first few weeks, I was trying to follow all my existing organizations, along with the ones I have come across. It has since died down, but is updated frequently. Data is in [URLL format](https://github.com/URLL-specification/)

[FullDocument](/FullDocument/) - This directory is similar to [`/CSV/`](/CSV/) and [`Database`](/Database/) but only contains data in office document format, at the moment, this only consists of ODT.

[NewOrgs](/NewOrgs/) - This directory houses information on the creation process of new organizations. It contains monthly lists of the organizations created.

[OrganizationGraphics](/OrganizationGraphics/) - This directory houses organization creation information in a detailed, catalog. It was originally used just to store the graphics of organizations, but has expanded to offer brief day-by-day documentation.

> [ByDate](/OrganizationGraphics/ByDate/) - Explore GitHub creation information and organization graphics on a daily basis since my start on GitHub

> [Compilation](/OrganizationGraphics/Compilation/) - Explore all the graphics used in coordinance with the GitHub organizations by seanpm2001

> [Organization_Webpages](/OrganizationGraphics/Organization_WebPages/) - View the homepages of the organizations graphically

> [Setup](/OrganizationGraphics/Setup/) - View setup information and miscellaneous GitHub organization pictures.

Key terms for this area are:

`Generated` - GitHub organization profile pictures that are generated by GitHub

`Unused` - GitHub organization profile pictures that were candidates, but did not become officially used.

`Used` - GitHub organization profile pictures that were candidates, and were decided on to represent the organization

[Search](/Search/) - This is yet another directory aimed at letting users search this repository.

### Management

[Block this project](/Block-this-project/) - This directory houses information for how businesses, institutions, etc. can block parts of this project, or the project as a whole, due to fowl or unwanted terminology (for example, the brainf%%% programming language)

[Project_build](Project_Build/) - This directory contains makefiles for building this project in a specific way.

### Development and documentation

[.github](/.github/) - This directory houses GitHub configuration settings for this project, which includes:

- [x] Archived issues
- [x] Archived discussions
- [x] Archived pull requests
- [x] The social preview image
- [x] Pull request templates
- [x] Issue templates
- [x] All-contributor[bot] configuration and user information
- [x] Citation information
- [x] Codeowners information
- [x] Funding information
- [x] GitHub projects information
- [x] Security information
- [x] Workflows and workflow archives

[.github_Repo](/.github_Repo/) - This directory is not to be confused with [.github](/.github) this directory houses information in the seanpm2001 [`.gitHub`](https://github.com/seanpm2001/.github/) repository 

[Docs](/Docs/) - This directory holds key documentation for the project. This markdown document assumes you are already in the docs, unless you moved the file.

The docs is separate from the Wiki. The docs are the place to start, the Wiki supplements it.

Why not merge the Wiki into the docs? I like having a Wiki.

[External](/External/) - This directory houses external data for this project, which includes:

- [x] Release information
- [x] Release documentation
- [x] An archive of the ProjectWiki

[Global_Repos](/Global_Repos/) - This directory houses information on global repositories that are forked to every organization.

[OldVersions](/OldVersions/) - This directory houses old versions of various files around this project.

[RepoData](/RepoData/) - This directory houses meta information about the repository, including:

`Repository description` (the description for this repositorfy)

`Repository web link` (the online link for this project)

`Repository Git link` (the clonable Git link for this project)

`Repository featured link` (the link right under the description)

`Topics` (the topics used on this project on the web) limited to 20

[Ruby](/Ruby/) - This directory contains Ruby build scripts for this project. It isn't very well maintained at the moment.

[RubyGem](/RubyGem/) - This directory contains Ruby gemfile configuration scripts for this project. It isn't very well maintained at the moment.

[Templates](/Templates/) - This directory contains templates that are used in this project.

### Reference

[GitHubOrgs](/GitHubOrgs/) - This directory contains a link to the GitHub organization page.

[Mathematics](/Mathematics/) - This directory houses mathematical information in regards to calculating totals of various variables in this project.

[VolumeSize](/VolumeSize/) - This directory shows the history of the size of this repository.

[ToDo](/ToDo/) - This directory contains information on what there is to do in the development of this project.

[ext](/ext/) - This is an old directory in an attempt to configure Ruby on this project. It has since been abandoned.

### Software

[MyGOI](/MyGOI/) - This is a source repository for MyGOI, an attempt to make it possible for others to make GitHub organization info projects similar to this one.

***

## File info 📜

**File type:** `Markdown document (*.md *.mkd *.mdown *.markdown)`

**File version:** `2 (2022, Sunday, May 22nd at 2:06 pm PST)`

**Line count (including blank lines and compiler line):** `147`

**Current article language:** `English (EN_US)` / `Markdown (CommonMark)` / `HTML5 (HyperText Markup Language 5.3)`

**Encoding:** `UTF-8 (Emoji 12.0 or higher recommended)`

**All times are UTC-7 (PDT/Pacific Time)** `(Please also account for DST (Daylight Savings Time) for older/newer entries up until it is abolished/no longer followed)`

_Note that on 2022, Sunday, March 13th at 2:00 am PST, the time jumped ahead 1 hour to 3:00 am._

<!-- **You may need special rendering support for the `<details>` HTML tag being used in this document** !-->

***
